CA1710: additional_required_suffixes configurability (#21857)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1710.md

dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.exclude_indirect_base_types = false
```

### Additional required suffixes

You can provide additional required suffixes or override the behavior of some hardcoded suffixes by adding the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:

```ini
dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = [type]->[suffix]
```

> For `[types]`, separate multiple types with a `|` character. Types can be specified in either of the following formats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Separate multiple values with a `|` character. Types can be specified in either of the following formats:
```

I misunderstood where the `|` goes, so I think this wording is better.

- Type name only (includes all types with the name, regardless of the containing type or namespace).

> - Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](../../../csharp/language-reference/language-specification/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format) with an optional `T:` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](../../../csharp/programming-guide/xmldoc/processing-the-xml-file.md#id-strings) with an optional `T:` prefix.
```

The other link was producing a warning.

dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.exclude_indirect_base_types = false
```

### Additional required suffixes

You can provide additional required suffixes or override the behavior of some hardcoded suffixes by adding the following key-value pair to an *.editorconfig* file in your project:

```ini

> dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = MyClass->Class

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = [types]->[suffix]
```

Author: I would suggest `type` instead of `types`, this is a list of `type->suffix`.

Author: ```suggestion
dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = [type]->[suffix]
```

```

> Allowed format: List (separated by '|') of type names with their required suffix (separated by '->').

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `[types]`, separate multiple types with a `|` character. Types can be specified in either of the following formats:
```

> Allowed type name formats:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>   1. Type name only (includes all types with the name, regardless of the containing type or namespace)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Type name only (includes all types with the name, regardless of the containing type or namespace).
```

>   2. Fully qualified names in the [symbol's documentation ID format](https://github.com/dotnet/csharplang/blob/master/spec/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format) with an optional "T:" prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fully qualified names in the symbol's [documentation ID format](../../../csharp/language-reference/language-specification/documentation-comments.md#id-string-format) with an optional `T:` prefix.
```

Examples:

| Option Value | Summary |
| --- | --- |

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = MyClass->Class` | All types inheriting from 'MyClass' are expected to have the 'Class' suffix |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = MyClass->Class` | All types that inhert from 'MyClass' are required to have the 'Class' suffix. |
```

Author: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = MyClass->Class` | All types that inherit from 'MyClass' are required to have the 'Class' suffix. |
```

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = MyClass->Class|MyNamespace.IPath->Path` | All types inheriting from 'MyClass' are expected to have the 'Class' suffix AND all types implementing 'MyNamespace.IPath' are expected to have the 'Path' suffix. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = MyClass->Class|MyNamespace.IPath->Path` | All types that inherit from 'MyClass' are required to have the 'Class' suffix AND all types that implement 'MyNamespace.IPath' are required to have the 'Path' suffix. |
```

> |`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = T:System.Data.IDataReader->{}` | Allows to override built-in suffixes, in this case, all types implementing 'IDataReader' are no longer expected to end in 'Collection' |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dotnet_code_quality.CA1710.additional_required_suffixes = T:System.Data.IDataReader->{}` | Overrides built-in suffixes. In this case, all types that implement 'IDataReader' are no longer required to end in 'Collection'. |
```
